Spans indexed by intelligent retention filter can be viewed in Timeseries now (#18384)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_explorer/_index.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Timeseries View" %}}

> All spans indexed by custom retention filters *and* the intelligent retention filter are available to be searched when using trace analytics.

Author: ```suggestion
All spans indexed by custom retention filters **and** the intelligent retention filter are available to be searched when using trace analytics.
```

> From the timeseries view, export your query to a [dashboard][1], a [monitor][2] or a [notebook][3] to investigate further or to alert automatically when an aggregate number of spans crosses a specific threshold. **Note**: Spans indexed by the intelligent retention filter are excluded from APM queries that appear in dashboards and notebooks and from trace analytics monitor evaluation. More information can be found [here][4].

Author: ```suggestion
From the timeseries view, export your query to a [dashboard][1], a [monitor][2] or a [notebook][3] to investigate further or to alert automatically when an aggregate number of spans crosses a specific threshold. 

**Note**: Spans indexed by the intelligent retention filter are excluded from APM queries that appear in dashboards, notebooks, and from trace analytics monitor evaluations. For more information, see [Trace Retention][4].
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Timeseries View" %}}

> All spans indexed by custom retention filters **and** the intelligent retention filter are available to be searched when using trace analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All spans indexed by custom retention filters or the intelligent retention filter are available to be searched when using trace analytics.
```

OR means "any span indexed by either the custom retention filter or the intelligent retention filter is available"
AND means "only spans that have been indexed by both the custom retention filter and intelligent retention filter are available"

> From the timeseries view, export your query to a [dashboard][1], a [monitor][2] or a [notebook][3] to investigate further or to alert automatically when an aggregate number of spans crosses a specific threshold. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the timeseries view, export your query to a [dashboard][1], [monitor][2], or [notebook][3] to investigate further or to alert automatically when an aggregate number of spans crosses a specific threshold. 
```
